Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an action, adventure,
and drama film called "Ravenous."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Ravenous zombies have started to terrorize
a rural village in northern Quebec due to
an inexplicable outbreak.
The mysterious phenomenon was first noticed
at a race track while a driver was fooling
around with a staff member.
While they're kissing passionately, the driver
catches a pale-looking woman staring at them
intently.
When he asks her what she wants, the pale-looking
woman rushes towards them and bites the race
track crew on the neck.
The driver looks on in shock for a brief moment
before he starts calling for help.
With the plague spreading like wildfire, survivors
have to roam around and try to find people
who haven't been infected.
One of the few remaining survivors is an elderly
man named Réal, who runs as fast as he can
to get away from the three zombies chasing
him.
Somewhere in the village, a young boy named
Ti-Cul wipes the tears from his eyes as he
prepares to leave his home.
But before leaving, he sets a horse free and
grabs a rifle lying next to a freshly dug
grave.
In the woods, Bonin and Vézina entertain
themselves with doctor jokes as they keep
watch for infected people.
Meanwhile, Céline drives around in the village
in her car, searching for zombies to kill.
When no one turns up, she stops the car and
turns on the radio full-blast to attract the
attention of any infected people in the vicinity.
She immediately grabs her machete when she
sees someone emerge from a house.
Céline furiously attacks the zombie as its
blood splashes on the car's rear windshield.
While she tries to calm down, an infected
boy suddenly appears beside the vehicle and
stares at her.
Without a second thought, she drives away
and leaves the boy behind.
While Bonin and Vézina are driving back to
their camp, Vézina suddenly notices a mother
and a girl in the woods standing on the path.
He recognizes them and says that the girl
went to school with his child.
As Vézina approaches them, Bonin calls out
to him, telling him to leave them and deal
with them some other time.
Vézina hesitates to shoot them, fearing that
the noise would attract other infected people.
When he hears a faint wail, he goes deeper
into the woods to investigate.
Bonin suddenly notices that the mother is
gone, leaving the girl alone on the path.
As Vézina walks around the woods, he sees
a boy hiding up on a tree.
But before he could get a closer look, he
suddenly hears the woman chuckling behind
him.
Bonin soon hears a shriek followed by a gunshot.
With a bite on his neck, Vézina pumps his
shotgun and shoots the mother as she lay on
the ground.
More zombies turn up behind Vézina, so he
starts running back to the pickup truck.
Back in the woods, Réal manages to kill one
of the zombies after him.
Two other zombies run towards him, but he
no longer feels like running.
As the zombies get closer, Ti-cul arrives
and shoots them with his rifle.
Réal, who has been bitten, tells Ti-cul that
he had hesitated to kill the zombie because
she was his wife.
He goes on to say that the other two zombies
that Ti-cul just shot were his sons.
Bonin and Vézina stop at a field to catch
their breath.
Vézina says he would've withdrawn all his
money from the bank and taken his child to
Disneyland if he knew that an outbreak like
this would happen.
On the other hand, Bonin says that he would've
approached a girl named Katy and confessed
that he's infatuated with her.
As Bonin keeps going, Vézina falls silent.
Later, Bonin gets back on the road, saddened
by the loss of his friend.
Meanwhile, Céline stops by a house to check
if there's any fuel in the oil tank outside.
Two elderly women, named Pauline and Thérèse,
appear and tell her to strip at gunpoint to
see if she's been bitten.
As Pauline checks Céline's body for bite
marks, Thérèse inspects her vehicle.
Pauline, seeing nothing suspicious about Céline,
decides to offer her a beer.
Céline tells them that they were the first
survivors that she encountered in weeks.
Thérèse lets her know that she can stay
with them as long as she wants.
Bonin stops by a hunting camp where he meets
another survivor.
After the other man learns what happened to
Vézina, he goes to the back of the truck
to chop up the body.
He asks Bonin if Thérèse already knows what
happened to her boy.
Bonin says he hasn't told her yet.
The man reveals that he has tied up a woman
inside his cabin because she's been bitten.
The woman, named Tania, claims that a dog
bit her.
The cabin owner tells Bonin to avoid making
too much noise with his truck and heads out
to the woods armed with a rifle.
Bonin enters the cabin and starts telling
Tania what will happen once the infection
spreads.
At first, the infected will feel nauseous,
and then they'll notice blotches on their
skin.
Soon, they'll start feeling stronger until
they see themselves chewing on other people's
organs.
Tania tries to speak with a gag in her mouth,
so Bonin removes it.
She then tells him that the man plugged her
ears, so she didn't hear anything he said.
The woman begs him to release her, reiterating
that a dog bit her, but Bonin ignores her
and goes back outside.
Bonin suddenly hears the cabin owner scream,
so he goes back to the shack to untie Tania.
When they hear another scream, Bonin opens
the door, activating the chime.
He quickly takes the key off the ignition,
realizing that the sound would attract the
zombies.
Tania gets into the truck quietly, carrying
her accordion with her.
Soon after Bonin starts the truck, the cabin
owner jumps in front of the windshield.
Other zombies emerge from the woods as Bonin
drives away.
Just when they think they were safe, the infected
cabin owner grabs Tania from the back.
Bonin yells at her to take the gun and shoot
him.
She screams as she pumps the shotgun and shoots
the cabin owner in the head.
Later, Bonin stops by on the side of the road
to get rid of the cabin owner's body.
Bonin tells Tania that he's never seen her
around the village before.
She says that her father owns a cabin on Trout
Lake.
As they prepare to leave, Bonin decides to
wait for a while to make sure they wouldn't
attract any zombies when they start the engine.
But as they wait, a man named Demers suddenly
jumps out beside the truck and yells out to
scare them.
Demers, having no idea that about the outbreak,
tells Bonin that someone tried to bite him.
Demers then goes on his way to surprise his
family without any clue that most people in
the village are now infected.
Réal tells Ti-cul that he regrets his decision
not to flee from the village sooner.
When his family started to chase him, all
he could think of was turning around and telling
them he loves them.
Réal thinks that it was a stupid idea, but
Ti-Cul argues that it was not.
The boy recalls when he shot his family after
the infection spread to their home.
His mother, who was bitten on the neck, is
heartbroken as she looks at the lifeless bodies
of his father and sister on the ground.
She slowly turns to Ti-Cul and forces a smile
before turning back to the corpses.
Ti-Cul puts on a brave face as he points the
gun at her and shoots.
Bonin and Tania stop by a farm to look for
suppliers after hearing from Demers that the
owner had turned into a zombie.
Inside the house, Tania hears thumping sounds
around the house, so she quietly walks around
to see where the sound came from.
Tania comes across a room and listens through
the door.
She hears nothing, so she decides to open
it.
As the door creaks, Tania hears someone running.
Inside the room, she finds a young girl trying
to hide from her.
As Tania cleans up the white powder smeared
on the girl's face, she starts warming up
to her.
On the road, Bonin tries to make the girl
laugh by telling one of Vézina's jokes to
her.
The girl, named Zoé, just smiles at him,
while Tania gives him an irritated look.
When they stop by a camper van to rest, they
hear a woman on the C.B. radio, looking for
"little pup."
Tania asks Bonin who she was referring to,
but he ignores her and gets out of the truck.
The following day, Tania relieves herself
outside and accidentally steps on a mousetrap,
causing it to snap.
Soon she hears other traps snapping around
her, followed by an eerie shriek.
Tania immediately crouches down on the ground
and carefully looks around for any signs of
zombies.
When she turns around, she sees an infected
man turning in her direction, so she lies
down and slowly crawls away.
To Tania's shock, the zombie suddenly turns
up beside her, so she runs away screaming.
The zombie soon catches up to Tania and tackles
her, but Bonin grabs it and stabs it repeatedly
as soon as it tries to bite her.
Later on, Tania starts ranting about her frustrations,
saying she would be selling adult toys with
Katy in a bikini on a hot day like this, but
because of the plague, she'll never see her
again.
When Tania gets inside the truck, Zoé tells
her that she also misses her cousin Ti-Guy.
They all fall silent, but their peace is soon
broken by Demers, who suddenly jumps out beside
the truck to scare them again.
Demers warn them that something is happening
on Route 8, so Bonin decides to check it out.
When they get there, Bonin sees zombies gathered
around a tower of stacked furniture.
Before he could leave, an infected man sees
him and shrieks to call the attention of other
zombies.
Tania gets out of the truck to check on Bonin,
but she turns back when she sees him running.
Zoé immediately turns the ignition as soon
as she sees them.
Bonin drives the truck in reverse, with the
infected people watching them as they leave.
Bonin decides to go to Thérèse's place and
tell them what happened to Vézina.
Thérèse slaps Bonin in the face and drops
down to the ground crying upon hearing the
news about her boy.
Pauline recalls that the number of infected
people has thinned in the last few weeks,
but now they seem to be multiplying again.
Pauline surmises that the infected people
had nothing to eat outside the village, so
they returned.
Tania asserts that someone probably blocked
the roads to prevent them from reaching the
cities.
Pauline suggests that they should just barricade
the house and keep quiet to avoid attracting
the zombies' attention.
She goes on to disclose that they have to
ration their food since they are running low,
but she assures Zoé that she can eat as much
as she needs to because she's still growing.
Céline warns them that the house is on the
path of the infected people who seem to be
gathering together.
She suggests making the long journey to a
bunker that will keep them safe.
The group soon draws up their plans and gathers
up all food that they can carry.
Later that night, the group starts discussing
their concern about Tania's bite.
Bonin tries to defend her, telling them it's
just a dog bite, but Céline points out that
he didn't actually see it happen.
Tania tells the group to include her before
they make any decisions about her.
Later on, they start hearing the snaps of
the traps they laid out in the woods.
Zombies soon begin running toward the house,
so they head out immediately.
They soon end up in the woods, so they keep
quiet as they hide in the bushes and trees.
Bonin, however, is out in the open with several
infected people chasing after him, so he has
no choice but to use his shotgun.
A zombie suddenly grabs Tania from behind
while she's hiding with Zoé.
As she struggles to break free, Zoé stabs
the zombie on the back of the neck, allowing
Tania to get up and kill it.
When another zombie appears in front of them,
Céline attacks it with her machete.
The group goes ahead with their journey and
comes across a river, where they encounter
Ti-Cul and Réal.
Bonin notices the bite on Réal's thigh, so
the two decide to go on their way without
introducing themselves.
The group comes across a farm along the way,
so they start discussing whether they should
go through it or use another route.
Bonin notes that they could follow the river,
but it will add another day to their journey.
Pauline agrees to go down the river despite
the heavy toll that it will put on her, so
they all move on.
Along the way, Demers suddenly jumps out from
the bushes and yells at the group to scare
them, causing Tania to shoot him.
As Tania tries to explain, Bonin tells her
that Demers had already been bitten, so she
has nothing to worry about.
The group soon comes across another tower
of furniture with a few zombies gathering
around it, so they try to pass through as
quietly as they can.
Meanwhile, Réal and Ti-Cul watch them from
a distance.
Zoé and Bonin run toward a pile of furniture
to hide, but Zoé trips on a pail, catching
the attention of an infected woman.
Zoé stands still to avoid agitating the zombie.
Réal helps Zoé out by standing still in
front of her to keep her out of the zombie's
view.
After introducing themselves to the group,
Réal and Ti-Cul join them in their journey.
The group stops by an abandoned house, where
they find a note warning them not to go into
town.
The letter further states that the author
goes to Route 113 daily to look for other
survivors.
The author ends the note by signing it as
Number 79.
Outside the house, Bonin discovers a pile
of bones under a tree.
The group is suddenly startled when they hear
screams.
Réal had finally turned into a zombie and
bit Ti-Cul on the neck.
Céline runs over to them and kills Réal.
Outside the house, they discover that another
zombie has bitten Pauline.
Thérèse looks at Pauline in shock, but she
soon regains her composure and shoots the
zombie twice.
In the woods, Céline tells Ti-Cul that he
went out for a manicure when her family got
infected.
She had played the ideal wife until that time,
but due to the outbreak, she's no longer concerned
about being perfect.
As she tells her story to Ti-Cul, She shows
him a picture of her family.
Ti-Cul tells her that his real name is Rémi
Latraverse.
Céline then walks out of the woods alone
and goes back to the house to clean up the
blood on her face.
Thérèse asks Pauline if she put too much
dill in the pickles that they brought on their
journey.
Pauline says she doesn't think so.
She then turns to Thérèse and nods, hinting
that she's ready.
Thérèse tries to hold back her tears as
she points her shotgun at Pauline.
They soon come across a building, but they
couldn't find anything useful, so they soon
head back out.
While they are walking through the woods,
they start hearing the cries of a baby echoing
through the misty forest.
They follow the sound and come across an infected
woman holding a crying doll.
A few steps away from the infected woman,
they discover a tower of chairs.
Meanwhile, zombies have begun to line up around
them.
When the infected woman pulls the string of
the crying doll, Céline takes aim to slash
her with a machete.
She hacks the infected woman when the zombie
suddenly screams and alerts the other infected
people of their presence.
As the whole herd runs toward them, Bonin
carries Zoé away, hoping to take her to a
safe place.
Thérèse stays behind and just watches them
take off as the zombies grab her.
Céline starts hacking away at the herd of
infected people running toward her.
Bonin decides to hand over Zoé to Tania and
lead the zombies away from them.
Despite being bitten numerous times, Céline
continues to slash the zombies with her machete.
Meanwhile, Tania takes Zoé into a tunnel
and tells her that she's the strongest among
them.
Tania leaves the child in the tunnel as the
zombies continue to ravage their victims.
An infected man soon enters the tunnel where
Zoé is hiding, but Tania arrives and plays
her accordion to lead the zombie away from
her.
When everything goes quiet, Zoé goes back
to the building and sees Bonin preparing to
shoot himself with a shotgun.
Bonin, who has been bitten, tells Zoé to
leave him behind and find Tania.
Later, Zoé leaves the building on her own,
carrying a shotgun.
As she walks through a field, she finds Tania's
accordion on the ground.
She brings it with her and leaves the gun
behind.
Zoé continues walking until she reaches Route
113, where she decides to sit and wait.
Soon, she hears the noise of an engine and
sees a formula one car approaching.
The racecar driver, wearing a jacket with
the number 79, gets out of the vehicle and
walks toward Zoé.
She smiles at the man and warns him not to
continue driving down the road he's heading.
The man thanks Zoé and takes her for a ride
in his car to go to a much safer place.